Updated LoadElementalAnalysisData algorithm (#31812)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.2.0/muon.rst

- It is now possible to do a vertical resize of the plot in Muon Analysis and Frequency Domain Analysis.

Elemental Analysis
------------------

Improvements
############

> - Updated :ref:`LoadElementalAnalysisData <algm-LoadElementalAnalysisData>` algorithm to add errors to workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated :ref:`LoadElementalAnalysisData <algm-LoadElementalAnalysisData>` algorithm to include Poisson errors for the counts data.
```
